Security Considerations: How to use DPoP for Native Apps (#18)
aaronpk/oauth-first-party-native-apps: draft-parecki-oauth-first-party-native-apps.md

Implementers SHOULD consider additional measures to limit the risk of client impersonation, such as using attestation APIs available from the operating system.

## Sender Constrained Tokens
Tokens issued to native apps SHOULD be sender constrained to mitigate the risk of token theft and replay. 

Proof-of-Possession techniques constrain tokens by binding them to a cryptographic key. Whenever the token is presented, it should be accompanied by a proof that the client presenting the token also controls the cryptographic key bound to the token. If a proof-of-posession sender constrained token is presented without valid proof of posession of the cryptographic key, it MUST be rejected. 

### DPoP (Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession)
DPoP is an application-level mechanism for sender-constraining OAuth [RFC6749] access and refresh tokens [DPoP RFC]. If DPoP is used to sender constrain tokens, the native client SHOULD use DPoP for every token request to the Authroization Server and interaction with the Resource Server.

> DPoP includes an optional capablity to bind the authorization code to the DPoP key to enable end-to-end binding of the entire authorization flow. This protects against attacks described in Section 11.9 in [DPoP RFC]. If authorization code binding is required, the JWK Thumbprint of the DPoP key MUST be communicated to the Authorization Server by including the dpop_jkt parameter defined in section 10 of [DPoP RFC] alongside other authorization request parameters in the POST body of the first Authorization Challenge Request. If it is included in subsequent Authorization Challenge Requests, the value of this parameter must be the same as in the initial request. If the JWK Thumbprint in the dpop_jkt differ at any point, the Authorization Server MUST reject the request. If the dpop_jkt parameter is not included in the first request, but added in subsequent requests, the Authroizations Server MUST reject the request (do we need todefine a specific error code for that?).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DPoP includes an optional capability to bind the authorization code to the DPoP key to enable end-to-end binding of the entire authorization flow. If an attacker can access the Authorization Code and PKCE code verifier as described in Section 11.9 of {{DPOP}}, Authorization Code binding SHOULD be used.

To bind the authorization code using the Authorization Challenge Endpoint, the JWK Thumbprint of the DPoP key MUST be communicated to the Authorization Server by including the `dpop_jkt` parameter defined in section 10 of {{DPoP}} alongside other authorization request parameters in the POST body of the first Authorization Challenge Request. If it is included in subsequent Authorization Challenge Requests, the value of this parameter must be the same as in the initial request. If the JWK Thumbprint in the `dpop_jkt` differ at any point, the Authorization Server MUST reject the request. If the `dpop_jkt` parameter is not included in the first request, but added in subsequent requests, the Authorization Server MUST reject the request (do we need to define a specific error code for that?).
```
